President Liu
You have to take a good look at this thing
Impossible absolutely impossible
How can there be two seals?
President Liu
I never said anything about this seal from the beginning
Only one?
This one in your hand is real.
This one in my hand is also real.
I've never seen two stamps
Old man, the cost of your seal is not good.
Young people are young people
Doing things rough
Not fully prepared
Just come out and pretend to be someone else
Today I will expose you.
When the tiger was making this seal
I specially made two
After all, it's a good thing in pairs
But then the old master's studio was humid
It wasn't just the paintings that were revealed.
and
Even the seal in the studio was revealed
It's just that the old man is indifferent to fame and fortune
Did not pursue the matter
Saw this seal today
So...
The old man had to come and mention this matter again
Ha ok
Chu Feng
Although I don't know how you bought Qinghe
That guy accompanies you to act
But today the real Mr. Yunmo is here
Please pack one for me to see.
Even you deserve to call me Mr. Yunmo
So he stole Mr.'s seal?
Hum oops sir
It seems that I misunderstood you just now.
I blame this kid for misleading me
brat
Steal something and steal it on Mr. Yunmo's head?
How dare you!
Ok ok ok I know who your old boy is